Added README.md for dummy_map_server (#572)
ros2/demos: dummy_robot/dummy_map_server/README.md

## **What Is This?**

This demo creates and runs a ROS2 **node**, `dummy_map_server`, that publishes `nav_msgs::msg::OccupancyGrid` on a ROS2 publisher topic, `/map`.

**dummy_map_server** is also a dependency of **dummy_robot_bringup**.

Please refer to [dummy_robot_bringup](https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/rolling/dummy_robot/dummy_robot_bringup).

## **What Is An Occupancy Grid?**

An occupancy grid can be thought of as a map of an environment that has been divided into grid cells, where each grid cell is either occupied or unoccupied (in advanced applications, they can have other states, too).

> This map of occupied and unoccupied grid cells can be used to help a robot navigate a space, for example to drive through a room with furnitures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This map of occupied and unoccupied grid cells can be used to help a robot navigate a space, for example to drive through a room with furniture.
```

## **What Is This?**

This demo creates and runs a ROS2 **node**, `dummy_map_server`, that publishes `nav_msgs::msg::OccupancyGrid` on a ROS2 publisher topic, `/map`.

**dummy_map_server** is also a dependency of **dummy_robot_bringup**. Please refer to [dummy_robot_bringup](https://github.com/ros2/demos/tree/rolling/dummy_robot/dummy_robot_bringup).

## **What Is An Occupancy Grid?**

> An occupancy grid is essentially a **2-dimensional** map with each cell containing an integer to indicate the presence, absence or general state of a space in a certain physical room a robot is in. With this set of information, it better informs how a robot can best navigate through obstacles.
> 
> Eg.

Reviewer: I wonder if this can be worded more clearly. Here's my try. Feel free to iterate further.

```suggestion
An occupancy grid can be thought of as a map of an environment that has been divided into grid cells, where each grid cell is either occupied or unoccupied (in advanced applications, they can have other states, too).
This map of occupied and unoccupied grid cells can be used to help a robot navigate a space, for example to drive through a room with furniture.
 If a robot is navigating a new room, however, there may also be grid cells that are marked as unknown, until that area is explored.
 These different states are often stored in the occupancy grid as integers, for example:
```

A few points of feedback:
- "**2-dimensional*": Can't they be 3-d or 1-d, as well? 
- "a certain physical room a robot is in": it's not necessarily true that there needs to be a robot. It could also be a handheld sensor that generates an occupancy map of the space.
- I prefer to write things out. We have some users who are not native English speakers and I imagine acronyms add confusion, so I'd rather just write, "For example."

`-1` represents **unknown** spaces.
`0` represents **unoccupied** spaces.
`1` represents **occupied** spaces.

:warning: Note that the integer within a cell is application-specific and can go beyond `-1` and `1`.

![](img/occupancy_grid.png)

The bolded integer indicates the position of a robot with lidar.

## **Build**

> 

Author: Elaborated to clarify further the purpose of the illustration.

Replaced the aforementioned identified line with the paragraph below:

> The illustration above shows an example of an occupancy grid where the **bolded integer** indicates the position of a robot with a lidar sensor mounted on top of it and the red-colored grid cells indicate an obstacle such as a wall.

```bash
cd $HOME
mkdir demo_ws/src
cd ~/demo_ws/src
git clone https://github.com/ros2/demos.git
cd ~/demo_ws
source /opt/ros/<DISTRO_NAME>/setup.bash
colcon build --packages-select dummy_map_server

> ```

Reviewer: I'm not sure that all of this works in Windows, since I think the slashes are different. We use tabs in the ROS 2 documents, which use RST. Maybe you could remove most of this section and just keep the colcon command?

Also, I think you want `colcon build --packages-up-to dummy_map_server`.

The same goes for other code blocks.

Author: Will attempt conversion to `RST` format then in order to introduce tabs and verify on Windows. This will take a while.

Author: Upon further research, the conversion to `RST` format alone will take too long to conclude this pull request. Going for just keeping the colcon command and preserving the current `Markdown` format.
